# GUI-For-Custom-Computer
A simple computer GUI that helps in defining the functions the Wajman (custom) computer can perform.
A unique CPU is designed which has an ability to tackle two different operands simultaneously. This ability is introduced by allowing the instruction register to store two different addresses instead of one. The Instruction register is of 64 bits, out of which 54 bits are associated to two operands (28 bits each). This still leaves 8 bits for Op-Code due to which the instruction set has been increased.
Several different instructions like multiplication and subtraction are introduced. The application of these instructions has been made possible by introducing their respective logic circuits in the computer. Furthermore, this processor is also capable of performing comparisons like greater than and less than between two operands. The comparator logic circuit along with that of multiplication and subtraction are given separately in the appendix of the report.
Moreover, another unique trait of this processor is the implementation of a simpler, more efficient way of returning from the sub routine. Instead of the traditional indirect BUN command, a separate register named REDR has been associated to the purpose of storing the address of the location to be executed upon returning from the sub routine. So, by using the direct BUN command and pointing towards REDR we can easily come back from where we left. Thus, providing efficiency and ease to the programmer.

